python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Arabic --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Basque --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Catalan --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_English --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_French --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Hindi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Marathi --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Portuguese --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Spanish --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Tamil --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step1000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step10000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step100000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step200000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step300000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step400000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step500000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
python run.py --language UD_Urdu --experiment-name inter-layer-13 --attribute Number --trainer poisson --gpu --embedding bloom-560m-intermediate-global_step600000 greedy --selection-size 50 --selection-criterion mi
